- [Instructor] So now lets write out
the custom deserializer.
Lets go to the IDE, under the Custom folder,
I'm going to create a new Java Class,
and call this PersonDeserializer, that's right.
Make this implement jsonbDeserializer,
and of course, we are working this out further,
Person class.
Okay, now, this is going to be a little complicated logic
that we have to write, so lets go slow.
This is what we got as the serialized output, didn't we?
Now in order to deserialize this, understand this,
this is where the (mumbles) starts,
and then you have the curly brace,
and then you have the key.
This is the key that is going to help you identify
what kind of instance does the json binding API create
during deserialization, right,
this key's very crucial for us,
so how do we make sure
that we get the key right there, okay.
So now we are going to do a very low level parsing
of this json through the APIs that we have as a part
of the jsonbDeserializer interface, okay.
What we're going to do is the jsonParser object
will be available with us, and this jsonParser
is actually going to parse each line.
When we reach this line, we are quickly going to collect
that string, it's a string right, so we're going to collect
that string, and there after, whatever object we get,
we are going to send it for deserialization.
To collect the string separately is an important step,
because that will help us identify what instance
do we want to create when the deserialization happens.
Okay, so we are going to do that very low level parsing.
So lets see how.
Okay, so I'm going to first implement the abstract methods,
and I'm deliberately trying to keep this window open,
because I just want you to make sure
that you understand the code that I'm writing.
Okay, so lets make it a little better, all right.
Lets get rid of the default implementation.
Okay, now what are the parameters to this method?
You have a jsonParser, I'm not too happy with this name,
so I'm gonna change these names.
Okay, deContext, and type is okay, all right.
So what are we gonna do?
The first thing is we are going to make sure
that we are going to get the jsonParser
and simply envoke next.
Okay, we're simply going to invoke next
because we don't want this curly brace to be read,
you want to ignore it, so we want to move the Parser
to the next line, okay?
Now the next line is, this string, and this string
is the key, very important, so we're going to collect that
in a string variable.
Lets say that is the className, and we're going to say
jsonParser.getString().
Okay, next is we want to make sure
that we grow this as well,
right, so lets also say jsonParser.next() again,
and then we finally have
the entire information with us to parse.
So, that we are going to now, take in a Person object.
Let me create a person reference = null,
and what are we going to do here?
We are going to say, person =,
take that deserialization context parameter
that we have with us,
and on this, I'm going to call the deserialized method,
so this is a very similar method, the way we already seen
in the serialization context.
So this is another helper utility,
which will help us to deserialize our objects.
So we're going to take deserialize method,
and what are we going to pass there?
The first one is Type.
So the type is, basically, this classes name,
the className that we've already acquired on line number 23,
right, we have to make sure
that the deserialization happens
according to this class name, right,
so if it is com.app.beans.Professor,
then the deserialization should happen
for the Professor object.
If it is however, the software developer coming in,
then the instance of this software developer
needs to get created, okay,
so what I'm gonna do is, I'm going to go to line 27,
and say, load the class which has this className,
the one that we collected on 23, okay,
and this should be a subclass of Person.
Okay, we are forcing the rule here that the class
that you're trying to load,
definitely should be a subclass of the Person class.
Okay let the jsonParser argument be as is,
we do not want to change that,
because that is what is going to help us do everything.
Okay, we also have to make sure
that we handle this exception.
What if that class is not found in your project?
Okay, so class not found,
lets quickly surround it with try/catch.,
and once we do this,
lets just return the Person object from here.
Okay, so we called the jsonParser next few times,
because we wanted to ignore certain characters
as a part of the json representation,
okay but we definitely wanted collect this string,
so that's what we are going to do
by line number 25, and then,
we asked the deserialization context
to load the class corresponding to this className,
which is definitely a subclass of Person class,
and then the jsonParser's going to come into picture,
and it will help us deserialize that object,
and then we're going to return that object
back to wherever you want it.
Okay, so you redid all the deserializer,
we've already seen the serializer's output.
We will take a look at the deserializer's output
in the next video.